As long as you have no value
You were the first person they abandoned
In the end, as long as you die
Including your relatives and friends are also implicated
Are you finished?
Stubborn
Mingjiao, stop talking to this kid
Just do it.
Let this kid know
What price will we pay for offending?
You boy you are fucking dead
He deserved it.
Talking nonsense in front of the gods and famous generals of Zhenguo
Arrogant attitude
How dare you fake a son and die side by side?
Who do you think he is?
Style and ninth brother bully you up
He is destined to be executed by the nine clans
This guy can't tell the difference between good and bad
I thought I was pretty good
It's actually nothing.
Tranquility since you got it yourself
Then die with him